OSDOCS-13238 RODOO admonition added (#87739)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rodoo-about.adoc

To apply the run-once duration override from the {run-once-operator} to run-once pods, you must enable it on each applicable namespace.

If both the run-once pod and the {run-once-operator} have their `activeDeadlineSeconds` value set, the lower of the two values is used.

[NOTE]
====

> The {run-once-operator} cannot be installed on clusters managed by the HyperShift Operator.

Reviewer: I could quibble with the passive voice, but I think it's clear enough as is. 

```suggestion
You cannot install the {run-once-operator} on clusters managed by the HyperShift Operator.
```
